---
title: Feb 7, 2K25
date: 2025-02-07
tags: [cs]
---

## Relearn OSI (Top to Bottom): APSTNDP

- OSI: Open Systems Interconnection
- A conceptual framework that standardizes network communication into seven layers.
- Each layer has a specific function in the process of transmitting and receiving data.

### Application Layer (L7)

- Interface for end-user applications (e.g., web browser, email clients.)
- Protocols: HTTP, HTTPS, FPT, SMTP, DNS

### Presentation Layer (L6)

- Preparing data for the Application Layer by ensuring that it is in the correct format for the receiving application to process
- It acts as a translator, encryptor, and compressor in a network communication.

#### Key Functions

- Data Translation
  - Coverts data between different formats to ensure interoperability between different systems.
    - Example: A Windows-based system might format text differently than a Linux-based system.
- Data Encryption & Decryption
  - Ensures secure communication by encrypting data before transmission and decrypting it upon reception.
    - Example: SSL/TLS (used in HTTPS) encrypts web traffic to protect it from attackers.
- Data Compression & Decompression
  - Reduces the size of data to improve transmission speed and efficiency.
    - Example: Streaming services compress video/audio files to reduce buffering times.

### Session Layer (L5)

- The Session Layer is responsible for establishing, managing, and terminating communication sessions between applications.
- It ensures that data exchange between devices is properly synchronized and organized.

#### Key Functions

- Session Establishment, Maintenance and Termination
  - Establish a connection between two devices before data transfer begins.
  - Maintains the session to ensure smooth communication.
	- Terminates the session once the communication is complete.

## Words

- interoperability 相互運用性