---
title: Feb 13, 2K25
date: 2025-02-13
tags: [english]
---

# English

- future-proof
  - To minimize the risk of obsolescence and ensure that the product can adapt to future changes without requiring significant modifications or replacements.
- brusque
  - abrupt, blunt or curt in manner.
  - blunt: being dull, direct or insensitive
  - curt: brief, rudely short, or abrupt in speech
- chocked up
  - Being overwhelmed with emotion, often to the point of being unable to speak.
  - 哽咽
  - 言葉を詰まらせる
- she took her hand and **squeezed** it
  - to apply pressure
    - She squeezed the bottle to get the last bit of toothpaste.
  - to hug tightly
    - She squeezed her hand to show her support.
- she struggled to keep back her tears
- the english came pouring out
- quivered
  - shake or tremble, typically from fear, cold or emotion
- her voice trembled uncontrollably
- sort out
  - organize
  - 정리하다 [整理하다]
    - I need to sort out my closet before I can find anything to wear.
  - resolve
  - 해결하다 [解決하다]
    - She needs to sort out her own issues.
  - deal with sth
  - 처리하다 [處理하다]
    - I have a lot of work to sort out this week.
- a jolt of
  - a sudden, sharp movement or burst of energy, surprise or emotion
    - She felt a jolt of excitement when she saw the news.
    - A jolt of electricity ran through the wires.
- absurd
  - Something that is wildly unreasonable, illogical, or ridiculous. It describes situations, ideas, or behavior that seem so out of place or extreme that they are hard to believe or accept.
    - It's absurd to think that we could finish the project in only one day.
    - Her excuse for being late was absurd.
- sequel
  - a work (such as a book, movie, or story) that continues or follows from a previous one
    - The sequel to the movie was even more exciting than the first.
    - The sequel of the game will be released next year.
- emphasized how **cozy** they were
  - feels warm, comfortable, and inviting, often in a way that makes you feel relaxed and safe. It can describe a physical space, a feeling, or even an atmosphere.
    - We spent the evening in a cozy cabin by the fireplace.
    - The cafe has a cozy atmosphere, perfect for coding.