---
title: Feb 15, 2K25
date: 2025-02-15
tags: [english]
---

## English

- misappropriation
  - Using money in a way that is not authorized.
    - A company employee secretly transfers company funds into their personal account.
- discern
  - To recognize, notice or understand sth.
  - It was hard to discern the twins.
- exile
  - Being forced to leave one's home country.
    - She was sent into exile on the island.
    - She chose to live in exile rather than face persecution in her home country.
      - persecution 박해 [迫害]
- extraction
  - The process of removing or taking something out, often from a difficult.
  - 추출
  - The extraction of oil from the ground is a complex process.
- dilemmas
  - 딜레마
- comrades
  - Close companions, friends who share a common purpose.
  - 동지 [同志] / 전우 [戰友]
- pretext
  - A false reason or excuse given to hide the real motive or intention.
  - 구실 [口實] / 핑계 [憑據]
- remnants
  - Small remaining parts or traces of something that has been mostly used up, destroyed or lost.
  - 잔해 [殘骸] / 흔적 [痕跡]
- rally
  - verb: To come together for a common purpose.
  - 結束する
    - The team rallied to aim for victory.
  - verb: To recover strength or to revive.
  - 立ち直る
    - She rallied after the setback.
  - noun: A large public gathering.
  - 집회 [集會] / 랠리
    - The students held a rally to protest.
- duchy
  - A duchy is a territory or domain ruled by a duke or duchess [公爵].
  - 공국 [公國]
    - This duchy was very powerful during the medieval period.
- excavate
  - The act of digging or removing earth, soil, or other materials to uncover something buried.
  - 발굴 [發掘]
    - The construction crew excavated the area to lay the foundation for the new building.