---
title: Feb 16, 2K25
date: 2025-02-16
tags: [words]
---

- the Pentagon
- entrepreneur
  - an individual who creates, organizes, and operates a business
- undersecretary
  - one level below a secretary or minister in the organizational structure
- bureaucratic
  - bureaucracy
  - a system of administration characterized by hierarchical authority, standardized procedures, and strict rules
- stodgy
  - dull, boring, or overly conventional
- churning out
  - producing something in large quantities, often quickly and sometimes with a sense of routine or lack of quality
- surveillance device
- erode
  - to gradually wear away, weaken, or destroy something over time
- devout and steadfast
  - devout: deeply committed to a belief, religion, or cause
  - steadfast: firmly loyal, constant, and unwavering [揺るぎない] in purpose
- adherence to
  - the act of sticking firmly to a rule, principle, belief, or practice
- self-discipline
  -  the ability to control one's emotions, behaviors, and desires in order to achieve long-term goals or maintain a standard of behavior
- doctrines
  - sets of beliefs, principles, or teachings that form the foundation of a system of thought, religion, ideology, or organization
- at the final day loomed
  - the last day of sth, deadline
    - As the final day of the project loomed, the team worked harder to meet the deadline.
- on a losing streak
  - experience a serries of consecutive losses or failures, often in sports, games
  - The team has been on a losing streak, but they're determined to turn things around in the next game.
- the aura
  - 오라
    - She entered the room, and the aura of confidence around her was undeniable.
- aventurine
  - 아벤추린
- ranger
  - レンジャー 레인저
- a faint smile
- scraping at ice cream
- despairing
  - 절망적인 [絕望]
    - She looked at the situation with a despairing expression.
- race down the road
  - move quickly, often in a competitive
  - She raced down the rad, eager to catch up with the others.
- she felt herself shrinking
 - a psychological or emotional response, such as feeling overwhelmed, small or insignificant in a situation
   - She felt herself shrinking in front of the crowd.
   - When she made a mistake, she felt herself shrinking under the intense gaze of her manager.
   - She felt herself shrinking away from confrontation [對抗 対立].
- gripped the handle bars tighter
- exhorting
  - strongly encourage or urge sb to do sth
  - 권유하다 [勸誘하다] 촉구하다 [促求하다]
    - She was exhorting her friends to take the opportunity before it was too late.
    - The coach was exhorting the team to give their best effort in the final minutes of the game.