---
title: Feb 21, 2K25
date: 2025-02-21
tags: [korean, words]
---

## Korean

- 엄마가 요리한 음식은 너무 맛있어요.
  - The food my mom cooked is delicious.
- 저는 엄마가 요리한 음식을 다 먹었어요.
  - I ate all the food my mom cooked.
- 제가 어제 만난 사람은 저를 다시 만나고 싶어요.
  - The person I met yesterday wants to meet me again.
- 남은 음식을 포장하고 싶어요.
  - I want to pack up the food that is left over.
- 내가 회사에 가지 않은 날에 병원에 갔어.
  - On the day I didn’t go to work, I went to the hospital.

## Words

- conceal
  - hide or keep sth secret
    - She tried to conceal the gift behind her back.
    - She wore sunglasses to conceal her identity.
- tender
  - soft and delicate
    - The steak was tender and easy to chew.
  - kind or affectionate
    - She spoke in a tender voice to calm the baby.
  - sensitive or painful
    - Her knee was still tender after the accident.
- schemer
  - A person who makes secret or dishonest plans, often to gain an advantage or manipulate others.
    - The schemer tricked her coworkers into doing her work.
- clusters
  - A group of similar things or people gathered together.
    - The stars formed a cluster in the night sky.
- procure
  - to obtain or get sth, especially with effort or difficulty.
    - She managed to procure a rare book for her collection.
    - She procured tickets to the concert.
- thrive
  - To grow, develop or succeed, especially in a healthy or strong way.
    - Plants thrive in sunlight and rich soil.
    - She thrived in her new job and quickly got promoted.
- fanciful
  - imaginative, unrealistic, or based on fantasy rather than reality
    - She told a fanciful story about talking animals.