---
title: Feb 27, 2K25
date: 2025-02-27
tags: [cs, english]
---

## English

- mischievously
  - In a playful yet slightly naughty or teasing way.
    - The child mischievously drew on the walls with crayons.
  - In a way that causes minor trouble but is not harmful
    - She mischievously switched the sugar with salt as a prank.
- prank
  - A playful trick or joke meant to surprise or amuse someone, often in a mischievous way.
    - April Fool’s Day is a time when people love to pull pranks.
- lousy
  - Very bad or poor in quality.
    - The food on the restaurant was lousy.
  - Feeling unwell.
    - I feel lousy today, maybe I'm getting sick.
- caustic
  - Chemically burning or corroding.
    - The scientist handled the caustic substance with gloves.
  - Harshly sarcastic or critical.
    - She gave a caustic reply to the rude question.
- put off
  - To delay or postpone something.
    - They put off the meeting until next week.
  - To discourage or make someone lose interest.
    - The bad reviews put me off watching the movie.
  - To cause someone to feel uncomfortable or disturbed.
    - The smell of the food put me off eating it.
- hideous
  - Extremely ugly or unpleasant to look at.
    - The monster in the movie was absolutely hideous.
    - She wore a hideous dress that clashed with everything.
  - Shocking or morally terrible.
    - The crime was so hideous that it made headlines.
    - Her hideous behavior disgusted everyone.
- chummy
  - Very friendly or on close terms with someone.
    - They became quite chummy after working together for a while.
  - Overly or suspiciously friendly (negative connotation).
    - She got a bit too chummy with the new manager, and people started gossiping.

## Memory Management

**Software and RAM**
- When a program runs, it requires RAM to:
  - Load its own bytecode: The actual instructions (machine code) that the CPU executes.
  - Store data values and structures: Variables, arrays, objects and other data needed during execution.
  - Load runtime system: Some programs depend on additional libraries, interpreters or runtime environments.

**Why is Stack Memory Fast?**
- The stack follows a LIFO structure, meaning the most recently stored data is retrieved first.
- No complex searching or memory management is need.
- When a function is called, memory is allocated by simply moving the stack pointer (a marker that keeps track of the top of the stack).
- When the function returns, the memory is freed just by moving the stack pointer back.
- This makes the stack very efficient compared to the heap, which requires searching for free memory space and managing allocations.