---
title: Mar 2, 2K25
date: 2025-03-02
tags: [english]
---

## English

- victim
  - 희생자 [犧牲者] / 피해자 [被害者]
- grant
  - To give or allow something officially or as a favor.
    - The university granted her a scholarship.
  - To admit that something is true, often reluctantly.
    - I grant that your idea is interesting, but it's not practical.
  - A sum of money given for a specific purpose, often by a government or organization.
    - The scientist received a research grant from the government.
  - 승인하다 [承認-] / 허락하다 [許諾] / 인정하다 [認定]
  - 보조금 [補助金] /  지원금 [支援金]
- reluctantly
  - With hesitation or unwillingness; not wanting to do something but doing it anyway.
    - She reluctantly handed over her phone to her parents.
- cask
  - A large barrel used for storing and transporting liquids, especially alcoholic beverages like wine, whiskey, or beer.
  - 통 [桶] /  술통 [酒桶]
    - The winery stores its finest wine in oak casks.
- lumber
  - Wood that has been cut into planks or beams, used for building.
  - 목재 [木材]
    - The carpenter [목수 木手] bought some lumber to build a table.
  - To move in a slow, heavy, or awkward way.
    - The bear lumbered through the forest.
- swirl
  - The wind swirled the autumn leaves around the yard.
  - The swirl of the tornado was terrifying to watch.
- squally
  - Characterized by sudden and strong gusts of wind, often with rain or storms.
    - The boat struggled in the squally weather.
- pursuit
  - The act of chasing or following something or someone, often to catch or achieve it.
    - The police were in pursuit of the suspect.
  - An activity or hobby that someone engages in regularly.
    - Reading and painting are her favorite pursuits.
  - 추적 [追跡] / 추구 [追求] / 취미 [趣味]
- perverse
  - Showing a deliberate and unreasonable desire to behave in a way that is contrary or unacceptable.
    - She took perverse pleasure in annoying her coworkers.
    - She has a perverse habit of doing the exact opposite of what is expected.
  - Contrary to what is right, logical, or expected of a situation or action.
    - It’s perverse that the hardest workers are often the least rewarded.