---
title: Mar 4, 2K25
date: 2025-03-04
tags: [cs, english]
---

## English

- fumble
  - To handle something clumsily, often dropping or struggling to hold it.
    - She fumbled with her keys while trying to unlock the door.
    - She fumbled (search) her phone in the dark.
  - To say or do something awkwardly or unskillfully.
    - She fumbled her words during the presentation.
- ragged
  - Torn, worn out, or in bad condition (especially for clothes or objects).
    - She wore a ragged coat full of holes.
    - The old book's pages were ragged and torn.
  - Looking untidy or rough in appearance.
    - After hiking all day, they looked ragged and exhausted.
- aluminum
  - 알루미늄 [鋁]
    - aluminum foil [鋁箔紙]
- mottled
  - Having a pattern of spots or patches of different colors, often irregular. It is commonly used to describe skin, fur, fabric, or surfaces.
    - The coat was mottled with brown and white patches.
    - Her hands were mottled with age spots.
- wriggle
  - To twist and move the body or a part of it with small, quick movements.
    - The worm wriggled in the soil.
    - She wriggled her fingers to get rid of the numbness.
  - To move in a twisting way to escape or fit through a small space.
    - She wriggled through the narrow gap in the fence.
    - She wriggled out of her tight sweater.

## Memory Management

**Heap:**
- A memory region used for dynamic memory allocation.
- It allows programs to allocate and free memory as needed during runtime.
- Stack variables which have direct access, heap data must be accessed through pointers.

**Speed vs. Capacity:**
- Slower than the stack: Searching and managing memory on the heap takes longer because the OS needs to keep track of memory allocations and deallocations.
- Can store more data: The heap is larger than the stack, allowing storage of dynamic-sized data.

**Characteristics of the Heap:**
- Shared among threads: Multiple threads within the same application share the heap, unlike the stack, which is private to each thread.
- Tricker memory management: Since the heap does not automatically clean up memory,  manual memory management or automatic garbage collection is required.
- Memory issues arise from here: Memory leaks, fragmentation, and out-of-memory (OOM) errors typically occur due to poor heap management.