---
title: Mar 6, 2K25
date: 2025-03-06
tags: [english, korean]
---

## English

- paddle
  - A flat, handheld tool or object used to propel a boat or move water.
    - She grabbed the paddle and started rowing the canoe [獨木舟].
  - A short wooden bat used in games like table tennis.
    - She swung the paddle skillfully during the match.
- distorted
  - Twisted or altered in shape, appearance, or meaning, making it unclear or incorrect.
    - The reflection in the broken mirror was distorted.
  - Misrepresented or exaggerated, often in a misleading way.
    - The news report gave a distorted view of the situation.
- shattered
  - Completely broken into small pieces.
    - The shattered glass covered the floor.
  - Emotionally devastated or extremely shocked.
    - She was shattered after hearing the bad news.
- devastated
  - Deeply shocked, sad, or emotionally destroyed.
    - She was devastated after losing the her job.
- foyer
  - 현관 [玄關] / 로비
- cacophony
  - A harsh, loud, and unpleasant mixture of sounds.
    - The city streets were filled with a cacophony of car horns and shouting.
- howling
  - Producing a loud, long, and mournful sound.
    - The howling wind kept me awake all night.
  - A long, loud cry, especially from an animal like a wolf or a person in pain or anger.
    - The wolf's howling echoed through the forest.
- oozing out
  - A liquid or soft substance is slowly flowing or seeping out of something. It often has a thick, sticky, or gooey connotation.
    - Blood was oozing out of the wound.
- punctual
  - Being on time or doing something at the exact scheduled time. It describes someone who is reliable in terms of time management.
    - She is always punctual for meetings. = She always arrives on time.
- tamper
  - The act of interfering with something in a way that alters or damages it, often illegally or dishonestly.
    - The court found evidence of vote tampering.
    - She was caught tampering with the security system.
- corridor
  - 廊下
  - 복도 [複道]
- besieged
  - To surround a place with armed forces in order to capture it or force surrender.
    - The castle was besieged for months before it finally fell.
  - To overwhelm someone with a large number of requests, complaints, or questions.
    - The celebrity was besieged by reporters after the scandal.
  - To be under persistent attack, pressure, or distress.
    - The company was besieged by financial problems.

## Korean

아침
저녁
산책
공부를 그다지 안 해요.