---
title: Mar 20, 2K25
date: 2025-03-20
tags: [english]
---

## English

- prelude
  - An introduction or preliminary event that leads to something more important.
  - 전주곡 [前奏曲]
    - This negotiation is merely a prelude to a bigger agreement.
  - A musical piece that serves as an introduction to a larger composition.
  - 서막 [序幕]
    - The concert opened with a beautiful prelude.
  - An event that signals the beginning of something.
  - 전조 [前兆]
    - Her actions may be the prelude to a crisis.
- uprising
  - 봉기 [蜂起]
  - 반란 [叛亂]
  - 폭동 [暴動]
- excursion
  - A short trip or journey, usually for leisure, education, or exploration.
    - We are planning a seaside excursion this weekend.
- appointee
  - A person who has been officially chosen or assigned to a position or role.
    - The appointee has extensive experience in this field.
- diplomatic
  - Concerning international relations, negotiations, or ambassadors.
    - She demonstrated excellent diplomatic skills in handling international affairs.
- flare up
  - To suddenly worsen or intensify, especially in terms of pain, conflict, or emotions.
    - Her asthma [哮喘] flared up again, and she needs to go to the hospital immediately.
- mettle
  - Courage and determination in facing difficult situations.
    - She showed exceptional mettle in the face of adversity.
- prestigious
  - Having a high reputation or esteem, often due to excellence, achievements, or distinction.
    - This university is one of the most prestigious institutions in the world.