---
title: Mar 21, 2K25
date: 2025-03-21
tags: [english]
---

## English

- feverish
  - Having or showing symptoms of a fever.
    - She felt weak and feverish after catching a cold.
  - Showing great excitement, intensity, or agitation.
    - There was a feverish rush to finish the project before the deadline.
- A result-oriented person who always focuses on achieving goals in the most efficient way.
- escalated
  - To increase in intensity, magnitude, or severity, often suddenly.
    - The situation quickly escalated into a full-blown argument.
  - To cause something to become more intense or serious.
    - The disagreement escalated when more people joined in.
- giggling
  - To laugh in a light, silly, or nervous way, often in response to something funny or amusing.
    - The children were giggling at the clown's antics.
  - To laugh in a way that is somewhat restrained or suppressed.
    - She couldn't stop giggling after hearing the joke.
- dismay
  - A sudden and complete loss of courage or resolution due to an unexpected event or situation; shock or fear.
    - The news of the company's bankruptcy filled everyone with dismay.
  - A feeling of disappointment or unhappiness caused by something unexpected.
    - She looked at her test results with dismay.
- savoring
  - To enjoy or appreciate something slowly and fully, often related to taste or experience.
    - She was savoring every bite of the delicious chocolate cake.
  - To fully experience or indulge in a particular moment or feeling.
    - She was savoring the peaceful silence of the early morning.
- intimidated
  - Feeling frightened or afraid, often due to someone or something that seems threatening or powerful.
    - She felt intimidated by the large crowd at the event.
  - Made to feel afraid or hesitant, often due to pressure or an authoritative figure.
    - The students were intimidated by the strict teacher's presence.