---
title: Mar 28, 2K25
date: 2025-03-28
tags: [english]
---

## English

- grandeur
  - The quality of being grand, impressive, or magnificent in appearance, scale, or style.
    - This palace combines grandeur and historical value.
    - Her grandeur captivated those around her.
- erudite
  - Having or showing extensive knowledge gained through reading and study.
    - She is an erudite professor with deep knowledge in many field.
- tome
  - A large and scholarly book, typically one that is heavy, dense, or comprehensive in its subject matter.
    - This book is a tome, with deep and detailed content.
    - She spent ten years writing this monumental tome.
- crags
  - A steep, rugged rock or cliff, often projecting or sticking out sharply from the surrounding surface.
    - 峭壁 岩崖
    - The climbers cautiously scaled the steep crag.
- prowess
  - Skill or expertise in a particular area, often related to a specific field, activity, or discipline.
    - Her prowess in music has made her famous in the music world.
- platitudes
  - A remark or statement that is overused, dull, or trivial and lacks originality, especially when meant to be profound or thoughtful.
    - She kept repeating those platitudes, making people tired of hearing them.
- rivalry
  - The state of being rivals. A relationship where two or more people, groups, or organizations compete or oppose each other in some way.
    - The rivalry between the two companies has lasted for ten years.
- formidable
  - Causing fear or dread due to being large, powerful, or intense.
    - She is a formidable opponent who should not be underestimated [輕視].