---
title: NOV 2K24
date: 2024-11-01
---

## 29ᵗʰ

### BoltDB

- An embedded key-value database for Golang.
- Using a B+ tree as its core structure.

#### Page Structure

## 28ᵗʰ

### B-tree

- Balanced Tree
- Self-balanceing search tree used in databases and file systems.
- To maintain sorted data and support effcient insertions, deletions and lookups.
- When storing and searching large amounts od data, traditional binary search trees can become impractical due to their poor performance and high memory usage.

- A B-tree is designed to optimize storage and retrieval of data from disk-based systems.
- Accessing data from disks involves significant latency compared to accessing data from memory. To minimize disk reads, B-trees organize data in larger blocks (nodes), each containing multiple keys.

#### Node

- Each node stores a group of keys in sorted order.
- In addition to keys, a node has pointers to its child nodes, which hold additional keys.
- Nodes are the basic building blocks of a B-tree and act as containers that hold both data (keys) and links (pointers).

### Binary Tree

``` go
// 1. Left nodes are less than parent and right nodes are greater than parent
// 2. Each node can have max of 2 children
type Node struct {
	Value int
	Left  *Node
	Right *Node
}
```

## 21ˢᵗ

### Ne(s/x)t.js?

Next.js is primarily focused on client-side. On the other hand, Nest.js is primarily focused on server-side. (Confused? The 's' stands for server...)

## 20ᵗʰ

### BFF: Backend for Frontend

- BFF (Backend for Frontend) is a software architecture pattern.
- To provide a backend that is optimized for the needs of a specific frontend.
- To create an API layer that handles frontend-specific logic.

When the frontend receives raw data directly from a generic backend, it often needs to:
1. Process the data: Combine, filter or format the data into the structure it needs for rendering.
2. Perform calculations: Apply business logic, like calculating totals or deriving addditional values.

BFF aims to solve: minimizing the burden on the frontend by centralizing certain logic in the backend.

The BFF will do the following:
- Call the relevant APIs and obtain the needed data
- Format the data based on the frontend representation
- Send the formatted data to the frontend