---
title: Jan 21, 2K25
date: 2025-01-21
---

## Dict

### CDN

- CDN: Content Delivery Network
- A network of distributed servers that work together to deliver content (like web pages, images, videos) to users based on their geographic location.

### CloudFront

- Amazon CloudFront is a CDN service offered by AWS.
- It is designed to distribute content—such as web pages, images, videos, JavaScript, CSS, and other static and dynamic files—across the globe with low latency and high transfer speeds.
- It delivers content by caching it at a network of edge locations around the world, which are geographically distributed data centers.

### dApp

- dApp: decentralized application
- An app runs on a decentralized network, typically a blockchain, rather than relying on a single centralized server.

### Ethereum

- A decentralized, open-source blockchain platform.
- Allows developers to build and deploy contracts and decentralized applications.

### Smart Contract

- A program that is intended to automatically execute.
- Like a digital version of a real-world agreement (renting a car, paying for a service), but instead of being written on paper, it's written in code.
- Once the agreed conditions in the contract are met, the contract automatically executes the actions without the need for any middleman.

## Relearn

### gRPC

- gRPC: Google Remote Procedure Call

#### Why gRPC

- Performance: gRPC uses Protocol Buffers (protobuf) as its serialization format, which is more compact and faster to serialize and deserialize compared to JSON used in REST. This is particularly beneficial for high-performance applications, such as microservices or systems that require low latency.
- Bidirectional Streaming: gRPC supports bidirectional streaming, allowing both the client and the server to send and receive data asynchronously in real-time. If you have applications that require constant communication (e.g., live updates, push notifications, or video streaming), gRPC is a strong choice.
- Microservices Communication: gRPC is well-suited for microservices architecture where there is frequent inter-service communication.
- Cross-language: gRPC provides support for multiple programming languages (e.g., Go, Java, Python, Ruby, C++, etc.).