---
title: Jan 23, 2K25
date: 2025-01-23
tags: [cache]
---

## Cache Stampede

A situation in caching systems where multiple clients simultaneously request a piece of data that is either expired or missing from the cache.

### Scenario

- An Old Video: A very old video that wasn't watched frequently may have its cache expire.
- New Event: A new event related to that video causes many users to suddenly watch it.
- Cache Expiry: Because the video hasn’t been accessed for a long time, the cache has expired.
- Simultaneous Requests: Once the cache expires, all the users who now want to watch the video will trigger cache misses and try to fetch the video data from the backend at the same time.

Once the first user requests the video and the server regenerates the cache, subsequent users should be able to benefit from the new cache. This would typically be a short window of time. However, the problem of cache stampede arises from the number of simultaneous requests made during this "refresh window" and the backend systems handle these requests.

## Cache System

- A technology used to improve system performance by temporarily storing frequently accessed data or computation results.
- It reduces the need to repeatedly fetch data from the backend or database, leading to faster response times and lower system load.

### How Does a Cache Work?

When a client requests data:
1. The cache is checked first (cache lookup)
2. If the requested data is found in the cache (cache hit), then the data is returned directly.
3. If the data is not in cache, it is cache miss, and the system fetches it from the data source. The fetched data is usually added to the cache for future requests.

### Common Types of Cache

- In-Memory Cache: RAM (redis)
- Disk Cache: SSD
- Browser Cache
- CDN Cache

### Benefits of Caching

- Faster Response Times
- Reduced Server Load
- Cost Efficiency: By reducing DB queries and network bandwidth.

### Challenges of Caching

- Data Expiry
- Cache Stampede
- Data Consistency