---
title: Jan 28, 2K25
date: 2025-01-28
tags: [error-handling, go, words]
---

## [errgroup](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/sync/errgroup)

- A tool for managing groups of goroutines that can return errors.
- A way to handle errors and synchronization in concurrent operations.

Features:
1. Error Propagation: If any goroutine in the group returns an error, the entire group is canceled, and the error is propagated.
2. Context Support: It integrates with Go's context package, allowing you to cancel all goroutines if one fails or if the context is canceled.
3. Synchronization: It ensures that all goroutines in the group complete before the Wait method returns.

## atomic.Value

- To store and load values of any type atomically.

### What is Automatically?

``` go
go func() {
    defer wg.Done()
    for i := 0; i < 1000; i++ {
        counter++
    }
}()

go func() {
    defer wg.Done()
    for i := 0; i < 1000; i++ {
        counter++
    }
}()
```

In this example, the counter++ operation is not atomic. It involves multiple steps:
1. Read the current value of counter.
2. Increment the value.
3. Write the new value back to counter.

Because these steps are not atomic, the two goroutines can interleave their operations, leading to a race condition. The final value of counter might be less than 2000, which is the expected result if the operations were atomic.

``` go
go func() {
    defer wg.Done()
    for i := 0; i < 1000; i++ {
        atomic.AddInt64(&counter, 1)
    }
}()

go func() {
    defer wg.Done()
    for i := 0; i < 1000; i++ {
        atomic.AddInt64(&counter, 1)
    }
}()
```

In this example, atomic.AddInt64(&counter, 1) is an atomic operation. It ensures that the entire read-modify-write sequence is performed as a single, uninterruptible operation. As a result, the final value of counter will always be 2000, as expected.

### How atomic.AddInt64 Works Internally?

The sync/atomic package in Go leverages CPU-specific atomic instructions to implement its functions. :)

Why not use Mutexes?
1. Acquiring a lock, which may require waiting if another goroutine holds the lock.
2. Performing the operation.
3. Releasing the lock.

This process is much slower than using hardware-level atomic instructions, which can perform the operation in a single step. :(

## Words

- fixated 집착하는 [執着하는]
  - obsessively focused on sth
  - She was so fixated on finishing her novel.
- ballistic missile 탄도 미사일
- worrisome
- substantial and durable
  - a substantial raise at work
  - substantial evidence to support
- sophisticated 세련된 [洗練된] 정교한 [精巧한]
  - a sophisticated traveler
  - a sophisticated AI system
  - a sophisticated marketing strategy
- munitions ammunition
- wager to bet
- miniaturization
  - a process of making sth very small
- cruise クルーズ 크루즈
- constellation 星座 / satellites 인공위성 [人工衛星]